Need more time based effects. Over contrast, color, etc, as well as some stuff that causes real movement, like pixel sorting, etc etc.

Just need more tools, I can make due with whatever I end up with, just things need to be available. Also need more finely tuned source material. 

1. Create a good playlist building tool, allowing me to build playlists intelligently based on order, and without the tediousness of editing text files.

2. Create a time based layering effect. Similar to frame delay, but call to a random frame for each bang sent. 

3. Look into greater efficiency. I really need to be able to jump to position quicker. 

4. Correct vertical positioning/scaling on external monitors (make sure you are matching the aspect ratio, ask for next time)

5. MORE TIME BASED EFFECTS

6. MORE INTERESTING HD SOURCE MATERIAL
	Or just go out and make some of my own. Play with a theme, play with something to be playlisted. Start fires, break things, get interesting streaks of light. 
	Collect more with a theme, like you did for the halloween show. Study shows before you play them, and put together a collection based on what you get out of it. Conjure up some sort of feeling and search for everything that brings it up. Turn it into a cohesive collection in itself: color correction, aspect ratio, style, etc, and then cut it up and playlist it into jit.hausu.

Check out a camera from MCAT and go around town, get some textural footage. Always keep an eye out for things to cut up in film, tv, youtube, whatever. This project doesn't have to be high investment, but I can take small steps every day to make this better.

7. Do some GL tutorials, learn more about writing my own shaders. Really important for real control. I'm out of jitter, into the openGL fire...

Horizontal tearing?

8. Are there more things I can do with the frame delay? Can I change the number of frames in the chain as well as the rate?

9. Create a series of brightness curve presets that actually make sense and are there for particular reasons. 

10. Go through every part and do cleanliness and efficiency checks.

11. Make an effect that allows for overlaying the two videos (and still allows for switches)

12. Alpha masking

13. Change myworld to jit.hausu. 

14. Figure out how to make sure the background image is something different, something unique to my own thing.

15. Multiscreen mapping. 

16. xfade blend modes

